TOM01
Jane thinks that the train station is painted red.
Recently, the station was repainted brown.
When asked for directions to the station, Jane says to look for the red building.

TOM02
Last night, Tom saved an essay on his computer.
This morning, a virus wiped out Tom's hard drive, but he didn't notice.
Later on, he tells his professor that the essay is almost done.

TOM03
Amy and her boyfriend fought last night.
This morning Amy's roommate bought herself some flowers.
When Amy came home and saw the flowers, she forgave her boyfriend.

TOM04
A red patch covers Abby's arm after her beach vacation in Hawaii.
She worries that it's skin cancer.
Actually, the patch is simply a sunburn that she acquired while tanning.

TOM05
While on a cruise, John can't access the news.
During his trip, a civil war begins in his homeland.
In describing how things are in his homeland, he says that it's calm as usual.

TOM06
Kim's favorite restaurant is Salts.
Recently, Salts moved from Center street to Gates avenue, but Kim doesn't realize this.
Today, Kim tells Anna that Center street has terrific cuisine.

TOM07
At the zoo, Jane sees the sign that says 'penguins.'
This month, geese are being held in this pond.
Jane hasn't seen either bird before, and thinks these birds are penguins.

TOM08
Toby has always liked the snackfood called 'goldfish'.
He asked his mother to buy some goldfish while shopping.
Toby's mother came home with real pet fish.

TOM09
There is a single cloud in the sky.
John looks outside and sees that the sun is blocked by a cloud.
He decides to carry an umbrella today, thinking it might rain.

TOM10
Grace is viewing modern art at a museum.
She spots a shirt on the floor, and thinks it's a postmodern piece.
In fact, a child left his shirt at the museum earlier.

TOM11
On the weekend, Tommy visits the new magic shop.
He notices a row of brown books, and wonders why they're there.
In fact, they're handmade book safes, with hidden compartments.

TOM12
Allison is checking her test results online.
Because of a clerical error, Allison's results were entered incorrectly.
She sees that she got an A, and feels relieved and overjoyed.

TOM13
The store is run by a cunning counterfeit jeweler, and all the jewels are glass.
Dina just bought a beautiful ring here.
She paid eight hundred dollars for it.

TOM14
Larry is writing about a debated topic.
Recent news said that the debate had been solved, but Larry never read it.
His paper claims that the topic is under heated debate.

TOM15
Nathan reads in the daily newspaper that Jackson has been elected governor.
He writes a long blog post about the outcome.
In fact, the article was wrong, and Jackson had forfeited the race.

TOM16
Bob is searching for food products without gluten, because of allergies.
He sees the word 'gluten' on a box of cereal, and doesn't buy it.
In fact, it said 'gluten-free.'
 
PHYS01
It's seven at night, and Main street is dark and empty.
Suddenly, the streetlights begin to turn on, one by one.
The ornate lamps now fill the street with light.

PHYS02
The beaker on the desk contains a liquid mixture of compounds A and B.
The compounds react with each other over time.
The liquid slowly turns from white to light blue.

PHYS03
An iron sculpture stands in the backyard of the church.
The sculpture is silver at first, but over time, the metal rusts and changes color.
The structure has turned brown after a year.

PHYS04
The garden contains a line of bushes with bell peppers.
The unripened peppers have a green color at first.
As the peppers mature, they change from green to yellow, and then to red.

PHYS05
A bunch of bananas sits on the kitchen table in an empty house.
The bananas go bad over the course of the week, and become discolored.
They are black in color after several days.

PHYS06
A raw potato sits on a rock in the desert.
The sun beams down upon the vegetable, and it slowly cooks.
The potato is soft and fully baked by the afternoon, with crispy skin.

PHYS07
A computer sits on the desk in the study.
It gets too hot during the night, and the processor and drives stop working.
In the morning, the computer no longer functions.

PHYS08
In the study, the walls are filled with shelves of books about science.
The books were brand new at first, with crisp white pages.
However, the pages have all turned yellow or brown by now.

PHYS09
The trees in the wildlife preserve have bright green leaves during the spring.
But the leaves change color as the season turns.
All of the leaves are bright red and yellow by October.

PHYS10
There is wet paint on the walls of the house.
The liquid in the paint slowly evaporates during the day.
Finally, the walls are dry and ready for another coat.

PHYS11
Most stars are colored yellow or orange during their lifetime.
These stars run out of hydrogen after billions of years.
The stars turn red at this point, as they release less energy.

PHYS12
A dead tree lies on the ground in the forest.
Over time, the wood becomes covered with fungi, and begins to rot.
Soon, the wood is soft and has white and brown patches.

PHYS13
A sheet of photographic paper is left out on a bench in the park.
The sunlight gradually exposes the sheet.
The paper changes from white to pitch black after several hours.

PHYS14
A bright red t-shirt has been lying on the ground in the park for several weeks now.
The sunlight has begun to bleach the shirt, removing its color.
The shirt is nearly pink by now.

PHYS15
A bottle of milk sits in the fridge in the kitchen.
The bottle is open, and quickly begins to go bad.
It becomes thick and yellow after a month, and smells sour.

PHYS16
A wet sweater sits on a chair in the bedroom.
Throughout the day, beams of sunlight shine on the sweater through a window.
The sweater is completely dry by nightfall.